# Base prompts:
v1: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter. Write it one page at a time, making each page between 400 and 600 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with less than 400 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with more than 600 words. Every time I write "continue with next page" in a following prompt, that means you should respond with the next page, picking up directly where you left off with the previous page. Do not write anything except the contents of each page.

v2: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter. Write it one page at a time, making each page between 400 and 600 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with less than 400 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with more than 600 words. Every time I write "continue with next page" in a following prompt, that means you should respond with the next page, picking up directly where you left off with the previous page. Do not write anything except the contents of each page. Assume that the book is going to be between 400 and 500 pages. Make sure not to rush any plot points. You should never have the phrase "continue on next page" in your response. All your responses should be in MLA format. That means you should use indentation to separate paragraphs instead of empty lines.

v3: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter. Write it one page at a time, making each page between 400 and 600 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with less than 400 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with more than 600 words. Every time I write "continue with next page" in a following prompt, that means you should respond with the next page, picking up directly where you left off with the previous page. Do not write anything except the contents of each page. Assume that the book is going to be between 400 and 500 pages. Make sure not to rush any plot points. You should never have the phrase "continue on next page" in your response. Every chapter must be at least 20 pages.

v4: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter. Write it one page at a time, making each page between 400 and 600 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with less than 400 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with more than 600 words. Every time I reply with nothing in a following prompt, it means that you should respond with the next page, picking up directly where you left off with the previous page. Do not write anything except the contents of each page. Assume that the book is going to be between 400 and 500 pages. Make sure not to rush any plot points. You should never have the phrase "continue on next page" in your response. Every chapter must be at least 20 pages.

v5: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter. Write it one page at a time, making each page between 400 and 600 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with less than 400 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with more than 600 words. Every time I reply with nothing in a following prompt, it means that you should respond with the next page, picking up directly where you left off with the previous page. Do not write anything except the contents of each page. Assume that the book is going to be between 400 and 500 pages. Make sure not to rush any plot points. Every chapter must be at least 20 pages.

v6: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter and A Dream of Spring. Write it one page at a time, making each page between 400 and 600 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with less than 400 words. You are never allowed to submit a page with more than 600 words. Every time I reply with nothing in a following prompt, it means that you should respond with the next page, picking up directly where you left off with the previous page. Do not write anything except the contents of each page. Assume that the book is going to be between 400 and 500 pages. Make sure not to rush any plot points. Do not have a prologue or epilogue. There must be plot twists that make the book feel like a George R. R. Martin novel. By the end of the book, Jon Snow or Daenerys Targaryen must die.

# Extensions prompts:
v1: continue with the next page.

v2: (empty prompt)

# Outlining prompts:
v1: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter as well as A Dream of Spring. Write a bulleted list outline in which each bullet point is a chapter. Do not have a prologue or epilogue. There must be plot twists that make the book feel like a George R. R. Martin novel. There must be character deaths. There must be subversion of expectations several times. Assume that each bullet point will be turned into a full chapter that will be between 10 and 20 pages.

v2: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter as well as A Dream of Spring. Write a bulleted list outline in which each bullet point is a chapter. Do not have a prologue. Do not have an epilogue. There must be plot twists that make the book feel like a George R. R. Martin novel. There must be character deaths. There must be subversion of expectations several times. Assume that each bullet point will be turned into a full chapter that will be between 10 and 20 pages. Each book must have at least 40 chapters. 

v3: Pretend that you are George R. R. Martin. Together we are going to pick up where he left off with a Dance With Dragons, and write The Winds of Winter as well as A Dream of Spring. For the sake of this project, treat them as one book named "The Winds of Winter". Write a bulleted list outline in which each bullet point is a chapter. Do not have a prologue. Do not have an epilogue. There must be plot twists that make the book feel like a George R. R. Martin novel. There must be character deaths. There must be subversion of expectations several times. Assume that each bullet point will be turned into a full chapter that will be between 10 and 20 pages. Each book must have at least 40 chapters. Reply with the first 10 chapters and provide a bulleted list of the events, core ideas and core themes of that chapter, if any exist.
